App Templates: add info about theme switching (#7029)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/40 Angular Components/30 Application Template/40 Configure Themes/10 Switch the Theme.md

[/note]

> In the DevExtreme Angular Template, you can switch between themes. Inspect the theme switcher logic in `src\app\shared\services\theme.service.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can switch between themes in the DevExtreme Angular Template. `src\app\shared\services\theme.service.ts` contains the theme switcher logic.
```

The template uses a main theme for view content and an additional theme ([color swatch](/concepts/60%20Themes%20and%20Styles/05%20Predefined%20Themes/55%20Color%20Swatches.md '/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/#Color_Swatches')) for the navigation menu. The corresponding .JSON files are the following:

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>Theme</th>
        <th>Base file</th>
        <th>Additional file</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Light</b></td>
        <td><code>src\themes\metadata.base.json</code></td>
        <td><code>src\themes\metadata.additional.json</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Dark</b></td>
        <td><code>src\themes\metadata.base.dark.json</code></td>
        <td><code>src\themes\metadata.additional.dark.json</code></td>
    </tr>
</table>

> The default theme is `fluent.blue.light`. To switch to another theme, open the .JSON file and assign a theme name to the `baseTheme` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default theme is `fluent.blue.light`. To switch to another theme, open the .JSON file and assign the theme name to the `baseTheme` field:
```

    <!-- tab: metadata.additional.json -->
    {
        // ...
        "baseTheme": "material.blue.light",
        // ...
    }

    <!-- tab: metadata.base.dark.json -->
    {
        // ...
        "baseTheme": "material.blue.dark",
        // ...
    }

    <!-- tab: metadata.additional.dark.json -->
    {
        // ...
        "baseTheme": "material.blue.dark",
        // ...
    }

You can find all theme names in the [Predefined Themes](/concepts/60%20Themes%20and%20Styles/05%20Predefined%20Themes/00%20Predefined%20Themes.md '/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/') help topic. Use theme names without the `dx` prefix.

> [important] If you use a Generic theme, prefix it with `generic.`. For instance, use `generic.dark`, not just `dark`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[important] If you use a Generic theme, add the `generic.` prefix. For instance, `generic.dark` instead of `dark`.
```
